---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qbee_docker_containers Resource - qbee"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# qbee_docker_containers (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `containers` (Attributes List) The list of containers to be running in the system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers))
- `extend` (Boolean) If the configuration should extend configuration from the parent nodes of the node the configuration is applied to. If set to false, configuration from parent nodes is ignored.

### Optional

- `node` (String) The node for which to set the configuration. Either tag or node is required.
- `registry_auths` (Attributes List) Credentials for container registry authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--registry_auths))
- `tag` (String) The tag for which to set the configuration. Either tag or node is required.

<a id="nestedatt--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers`

Required:

- `image` (String) The image to be used by the container
- `name` (String) The name used by the container

Optional:

- `command` (String) Command to be executed in the container
- `docker_args` (String) Command line arguments for 'docker run'
- `env_file` (String) An env file (from file manager) to be used inside the container
- `pre_condition` (String) A condition that must be met before the container is started


<a id="nestedatt--registry_auths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `registry_auths`

Required:

- `password` (String) Password for the registry
- `server` (String) Hostname of the registry
- `username` (String) Username for the registry
