---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qbee_tag_filedistribution Resource - qbee"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# qbee_tag_filedistribution (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `extend` (Boolean) If the tag configuration should extend configuration from the parent nodes of the node the tag is applied to. If set to false, configuration from parent nodes is ignored.
- `files` (Attributes List) The filesets that must be distributed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--files))
- `tag` (String) The tag for which to set the configuration

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder ID value

<a id="nestedatt--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `files`

Required:

- `templates` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--files--templates))

Optional:

- `command` (String) A command that will be run on the device after this fileset is distributed. Example: `/bin/true`.
- `parameters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--files--parameters))
- `pre_condition` (String) A command that must successfully execute on the device (return a non-zero exit code) before this fileset can be distributed. Example: `/bin/true`.

<a id="nestedatt--files--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `files.templates`

Required:

- `destination` (String) The destination of the file on the target device.
- `is_template` (Boolean) If this file is a template. If set to true, template substitution of '\{\{ pattern \}\}' will be performed in the file contents, using the parameters defined in this filedistribution config.
- `source` (String) The source of the file. Must correspond to a file in the qbee filemanager.


<a id="nestedatt--files--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `files.parameters`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


